doc(auth-kit): Add how to interact with common web3 libraries (#177)
safe-global/safe-docs: learn/safe-core-account-abstraction-sdk/auth-kit.md

The [Auth kit](https://github.com/safe-global/account-abstraction-sdk/tree/main/packages/auth-kit) creates an Ethereum address and authenticates a blockchain account using an email address, social media account, or traditional crypto wallets like Metamask.

> The main advantage auth-kit brings to the table is the capability to get an ethereum account using your traditional web2 authentication methods without worrying about how to create an account using a web3 wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The Auth kit creates a [Signing Account, not a Smart Account](/learn/what-is-a-smart-contract-account.md#smart-accounts-vs-signing-accounts). 

The quick start guide below shows you how to sign transactions with your Signing Account. You can sign transactions using your Signing Account to create a Smart Account.
```

When `txServiceUrl` is provided, the list of associated Safe addresses will be returned as part of the `signIn()` method response.

> ## Sending/signing transactions or messages using the auth-kit

Reviewer: For consistency, auth-kit should be Auth kit:

```suggestion
## Sending/signing transactions or messages using the Auth kit
```

> Once you are logged in using the auth-kit you can get the associated web3 provider using the `safeAuthKit.getProvider()` method. If you want to make any kind of operation afterwards you can use this method in conjunction with your favorite web3 library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are logged in using the Auth kit you can get the associated web3 provider using the `safeAuthKit.getProvider()` method. If you want to make any kind of operation afterward, you can use this method with your favorite web3 library:
```

> ```typescript

Reviewer: Love these examples! 👏

// Using web3
const web3 = new Web3(safeAuthKit.getProvider());

await web3.eth.sendTransaction(tx);
await web3.eth.signTransaction(tx);

> await web3.eth.personal.sign(message, address);

Reviewer: Might be useful to define `message` so people know what type of message is expected.

Is it a regular string? hexadecimal string? dictionary etc.

```suggestion
const message = "hello world"
const address = "0x..."
await web3.eth.personal.sign(message, address);
```
